[Music]
hello everyone welcome to another
episode of demystifying digital with sam
and russ g'day sam how are you today
yeah i'm good thank you man how about
yourself yeah doing really well doing
really really well
today's analogy is one which which
you've actually shared before
in terms of like a a post on linkedin
but have you never actually done a video
to it
it's a great analogy what i want to know
is can you explain
to actually just explain it to my
sister-in-law who
runs a side little side business and
she's just got an email from google
saying hey
here's some free credit go go buy some
ads
why shouldn't she just go and use that
credit and then her own money to buy ads
why should she go through
potentially someone else yeah well the
truth is
she could use the ad spend itself um and
just crack on
start loading money into google adwords
facebook ads
instagram ads whatever the heck it is
yeah and get stuck in
but it's a bit like me going to the
horse races i can tell you russ probably
the last six or seven years every boxing
day i've been going my friends to the
horse races
out of all those times bearing in mind
there's about eight or nine races every
single day i spend several hundred
pounds on the races on the beers i've
only won
one race out of those seven years yeah
so
managing paid out yourself about any
experience is just like me going to the
races i've only won one time in
all those many years yeah yeah and the
chances are you can spend a lot of money
and not really know what you're doing
whereas um a seasoned pro
when it comes to the races they're going
to know the tracks they're going to know
what everyone's racing on
they're going to know the horses they're
going to know the jockeys they're going
to know the trainers
they're going to know the inside scoop
on all the operations to give them the
best
educated kind of system it's still a bet
it's a little bit of a gamble
yeah but they can have the background
and knowledge to to make an educated
decision
and if we bring that into a paid ads
you've got things like
creating the campaign building the right
content the copy to go in the ad
doing the research on your competitors
so knowing what else is in the market
getting the right cost per click um
doing all this analysis making sure the
ad is then going to the correct landing
page to give you the best chance of them
conversion
converting that click through into a
customer so a lead or a sale
um so there's all these different
metrics you've got to bear in mind which
brings us back to the research of the
race course
so if you're doing that yourself it's
all a bit of a gamble just like me at
the races
you could spend a lot of money and not
get a lot of return
whereas if you're going to a
professional they're going to do all
this research for you do all the leg
work literally
and give you the best chance of getting
a decent click-through rate
and a decent return on your ad spend
rather than hoping for the best like me
at the races
exactly and so what you're basically
saying is google facebook all these big
providers they're basically just bookies
who want to take your money and uh
they're happy to keep on taking your
money
i'm not i'm not calling to that but
awesome
thanks sarah great analogy love it
cheers cheers